Add `Memory` utility library (#5189)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/utilities.adoc

    instance.interface.encodeFunctionData("bar")
]);
----

=== Memory

The `Memory` library provides functions for advanced use cases that require granular memory management. A common use case is to avoid unnecessary memory expansion costs when iterating over a section of the code that allocates new memory. Consider the following example:

[source,solidity]
----
function callFoo(address target) internal {
  bytes memory callData = abi.encodeWithSelector(
    bytes4(keccak256("foo()"))
  )
  (bool success, /* bytes memory returndata */) = target.call(callData);
  require(success);
}
----

Note the function allocates memory for both the `callData` argument and for the returndata even if it's ignored. As such, it may be desirable to reset the free memory pointer after the end of the function.

[source,solidity]
----
function callFoo(address target) internal {
  Memory.Pointer ptr = Memory.getFreePointer(); // Cache pointer
  bytes memory callData = abi.encodeWithSelector(
    bytes4(keccak256("foo()"))
  )
  (bool success, /* bytes memory returndata */) = target.call(callData);
  require(success);
  Memory.setFreePointer(ptr); // Reset pointer
}
----

> In this way, new memory will be allocated in the space where the `returndata` and `callData` used to be, potentially reducing memory expansion costs by shrinking the its size at the end of the transaction and resulting in gas savings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this way, memory allocated to accomodate the `callData` and `returndata` is freed, potentially reducing memory expansion costs of future memory operations that will be able to re-use that space.
```
